bpo-46458: emit code for else of a try block immediately after the try body (#30751)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-01-27-10-49-34.bpo-46458.5Gm3Gv.rst

Reorder code emitted by the compiler for a :keyword:`try`-:keyword:`except`
block so that the :keyword:`else` block's code immediately follows the

> :keyword:`except` block without a jump. This is more optimal for the happy

Author: ```suggestion
:keyword:`try` body (without a jump). This is more optimal for the happy
```
